# CSC365-final-project

This project is a mock website for Ope! Records - a Springfield based label with a different take on artist management and a knack for technological innovation. Ope! Records uses data analysis and algorithmic recommendations to provide artists and fans with a highly personalized approach to artists promotion and management, and their web platform is the heart and soul of this effort. Using data from Spotify and Facebook (and some other available sources), Ope! Records can target the listening community best suited for a given artist, as well as intelligently connect fans with artists signed to Ope! that they might not have discovered otherwise. This is done through a backend data analytics platform with a simple, sleek UI, accessed through an account with Ope! Records for those who have become a part of the Ope!'s artistic community.

The website consists of three main pages - a Home/About page explaining the mission, an Artists page where fans can see the connections between Ope! artists and other artists they already know and love, and a Services page, which can only be accessed when users are signed into their Ope! acount. The Services page consists of customized analytics about current project reach, geographic potential for touring and listening, and data-driven strategies for touring, promotion, writing, and collaborating to enliven both their audience and their muses alike. Fans access a slightly different Services page, in which they have access to custom playlists curated by Ope! Labs to match their current listening habits and the Ope! artist community (i.e. we pair our fans with the artists on our platform they would most likely enjoy), information about upcoming events, the option to host an event for their favorite Ope! artists, and personal interactions with Ope! artists exclusive to the Ope! platform. Plus, the interactive artists explorer allows users to find new music and get involved with artist projects in an intimate, intelligent ways previously unheard of in strategies from traditional record labels. 

Spotify APIs are heavily utilized to produce Ope!'s services, and Twitter and Facebook APIs are used for sharing and login to the site's platform, as well as sources of data for customized artist promotion.

Documentation for the Spotify API can be found here: https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/

I _think_ this is the right Twitter API documentation, but there are a lot of different kinds (e.g. data analytics, advertising, etc.): https://developer.twitter.com/en/use-cases/publish-and-curate
